Switched to main branch (#1097)
milessabin/shapeless: README.md

## Using shapeless

Binary release artefacts are published to the [Sonatype OSS Repository Hosting service][sonatype] and synced to Maven

> Central. Snapshots of the main branch are built using [Travis CI][ci] and automatically published to the Sonatype

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Central. Snapshots of the main branch are built using GitHub actions and automatically published to the Sonatype
```

Author: Good spot.

## Building shapeless

shapeless is built with SBT 1.3.10 or later, and its main branch is built with Scala 2.13.2 by default but also

> cross-builds for 2.11.12 and 2.12.12.

Reviewer: I don't know if we need to mention concrete versions, they are always out of date

Author: I'll pick that up later.
